well howdy there internet people is Bo
in start off tonight with an anecdote
this story and gets retold during every
war to make it seem like it happened in
the water just before I'm sure if you
went back to World War two there'd be
guys swearing this happened near war one
the version I heard was in 1968 during
the Tet Offensive there's a general and
he sees this hill he's got he has to
have this hill problem is it is crawling
with VC and NVA and they're looking at
50 to 60 percent US casualties to take
that hill but he's got to happen so he
calls down to battalion he says I need
that hill battalion calls down a company
you guys have to take this hill company
commanders like 50 to 60% casualties but
he's got him a new lieutenant a bunch of
green guys he don't really know if
you're gonna lose somebody who you're
gonna pit lieutenant get over here you
got to take that hill lieutenant
scurries off 20 minutes later they got
the hill didn't lose a man nobody's even
wounded company commanders like Matt I
look great battalion commander sir we
got it general is impressed so he hops
in his Jeep he wants to meet this guy he
finds that lieutenant he's like son how
did you do that lieutenant looks at him
I said sergeant take that hill and
that's how it works
order comes down vague gets more
specific until it gets to those guys on
the ground and they got to figure out
how to implement it that's how it really
works and that's an important little
tidbit here in a minute because we all
know what's going on down at the border
doesn't matter how you feel about it we
know what's going on and it doesn't
matter how you feel about it because
those war fighters have a very unique
opportunity they have the chance to join
an extremely exclusive club they can
join those very few people that actually
picked up
weapon and truly defended American
freedom I know what you're saying all of
that stuff ended American freedom no not
really that may defended the American
Way of life that may have acted as a
deterrent so other countries didn't
think about in hinging on American
freedom a very very few actually
defended American freedom the last time
it really happened last time we were
truly at risk of invasion with World War
two so 1945 prior to that I would say
the Union soldiers were fighting for the
freedoms of Americans said 1865 prior to
that war of 1812 and then the
Revolutionary War four times in American
history was truly about freedom in
America those people on the border have
the opportunity to join that Club see we
all know what mission creep is if you
don't Afghanistan is a perfect example
why did we go into Afghanistan well to
get those responsible for 9/11 of course
that's what we're told and then to fight
the Taliban because they kind of help
them support them maybe and then to
stabilize the country then to kind of
protect a cash crop and help out the
pharmaceutical industry a little bit and
then to bring the Taliban back into the
fold
now I it's more than a decade and a half
later we're still they're still dying
nobody knows why that's mission creep
now when DHS when the Department of
Homeland Security called up DoD they
wanted US soldiers to act as emergency
law enforcement personnel and DoD
rightfully told them to go somewhere
else with that request it's illegal
there are very very specific instances
where US soldiers can operate
domestically this is Ed one
banane heading down there I know what
you're saying well we're doing
surveillance support logistics supply
okay
mission creep why do they really want
you there that vague order will come
down take that hill oh it's gonna be
stopping when that happens
who's gonna implement it lieutenant the
sergeant right that's what's gonna
happen
and when this administration leaves
office who's gonna be prosecuted they
get somebody some dude with stars on his
shoulder it's not gonna be the guy who
gave the vague order it's gonna be the
sergeant shoved his m4 and some kids
face you do not know the meaning of the
word Blue Falcon but the term Blue
Falcon until you're talking about a
senior commander trying to cover his
rear and the collateral damage a bunch
of enlisted guys you want to defend
American freedom defend the freedoms of
Americans you keep that weapon slung and
you keep it on safe stay within the wall
you know what the laws of war are you
know what the UCMJ is you know the real
rules of engagement that matter what
political rhetoric is said you know what
the real rules of engagement are these
are non-combatants you better remember
that you better act like it you keep
that weapon on safe and you keep it
slung don't get involved in this it will
be you standing tall when it's over
see here's the thing and the one thing I
want to recommend to everybody if you're
already down there if you're heading
down there head over to the USCIS
website and you figure out exactly how
to legally apply for asylum in the
United States what you're gonna find out
what these people are doing with these
migrants what this Caravan is doing is
completely legal that's what you're
gonna find out there is no law saying
they have to apply for asylum in the
first country they come to there is no
way for them to apply it in embassy they
have to be physically present in the
United States or in a port of entry so
what does that mean Republicans control
the legislative and executive branch
they could change the law if they wanted
so what does it mean means they don't
want to they want to use you see the
American people trust you they trust
that uniform honor integrity those
things spread any right you wouldn't do
anything illegal
you wouldn't circumvent the law earn
that trust keep that weapon slung and
keep it on safe and if you think for a
split second that the brass is gonna
have your back when this is over and I
just say oh yeah we gave that order
first following vague orders following
illegal orders it's not a defense second
if they were gonna have your back
you wouldn't be down there and they were
to stop this before it started you know
you're the briefing slides they got
leaked it's not a threat we know it DoD
DoD says it's not a threat but you're
still down there why
because the brass decided to allow you
to be used as a political tool right
before the midterm elections and that's
what this is about and it's your uniform
your honor being used to legitimize them
circumventing the law that's what's
going on it's just a fog but you really
need to keep that weapon slog and keep
it on safe don't do it when that vague
order comes down you ask for
clarification email clarification
something that's gonna remain something
you can use in your defense later
because if you allow that mission creep
to happen you're gonna need it you're
gonna need a defense it would be better
just to follow the law just an idea just
to fall y'all have a good night